README.md, before:

<p align="left"><img src="http://libgimbal.elysianshadows.com/libgimbal_icon.png" alt="libGimbal">

# libGimbal #
LibGimbal is a cross-platform, general-purpose core applications framework written in C17 with C++20 bindings, inspired by GLib, QtCore, and the Objective-C Foundation framework. It is composed of a series of modules providing a core application layer, specialized string types, generic STL-style containers, sorting and searching algorithms, custom allocators, preprocessor metaprogramming constructs, miscellaneous utility structures, and a full-fledged dynamic type system bringing object-oriented constructs such as classes, signals, and properties to C and bindable languages. Additionally, it includes a C-based OO unit-testing framework built upon its type system and object model.

LibGimbal originated as the core of the Elysian Shadows tech stack, and as such supports a myriad of embedded devices and video game consoles such as the Sega Dreamcast and Sony PSP. It places a strong emphasis on performance and language interoperability, with the core being written in standard C17 for easily binding to languages such as Rust, Swift, Go, Lua, and any other C-compatible language. The library is currently being tested and validated via the included suite of unit tests for Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, iOS, Sega Dreamcast, Sony PSVita, and WebAssembly targets. 

## Documentation ##
The official documentation for the project can be found at http://libgimbal.elysianshadows.com.

## Features ##
### Core Framework ###
- platform-specific macros and utilities
- error handling and propagation
- debug and verification utilities
- structured logging

### Strings ###
- specialized, optimized custom string types
- interned strings
- reference counted strings
- string builders
- implicitly shared string lists
- pattern matching

### Containers ###
- STL-style abstract data types with both C and C++ APIs
- dynamic arrays, lists, ring buffers
- sets, trees, hash tables, byte arrays
- support for custom allocators

### Algorithms ###
- hashing algorithms (Murmur, Sip, Fnv1, SuperFast)
- sorting algorithms, searching algorithms
- random data generators and utilities
- CRC, parity, LCM, GCD, prime numbers

### Allocators ###
- allocation trackers with leak detection
- paged arena allocators with state rewinding
- stack-based scope allocator with destructor chains
- efficient pool-based, arena-backed allocator

### Preprocessor ###
- function overloading support for C
- macro compositon, variadic argument handling
- cross-language C/C++ generic selection
- meta macro programming constructs

### Meta Type System ###
- cross-language, extensible object-oriented type system
- generic, polymorphic variant types with type conversions
- virtual functions, inheritance, private members for C
- mixins, interfaces, abstract classes
- generic FFI with cross-language closures and marshals
- property system
- Qt/GTk style signal system
- object hierarchy management, parenting, traversals
- event handling, filtering, propagation
- plugin and module system

### Utilities ###
- generic reference-counted types
- command-line option and argument parsing
- version, UUID, date-time utilities

### Unit Testing Framework ###
- cross-platform object-oriented C-based unit test framework
- test scenarios, suites, cases
- generic verification macros with source context capture
- automatic timing and performance measurements
- memory utilization and leak detection
- dynamic/run-time test-plan construction and management

Commit message:

GblLogger: the next-gen newfangled log apparatus
0) Doxygen
   - modifiedREADME to change the subtitle description/rebrand + update
   version
1) GblLogger
    - added general-purpose filterable log system
    - implementation should be complete
    - being used by evmu-core and seems fine, but no unit tests yet
    - added log domains, timestamps, reentrant flag, several other
      things
    - active loggers list is maintained as an intrusively linked list
    - each thread is given a thread-local for stackDepth
    - everything SHOULD be thread-safe
2) GblTestSuite
    - minor formatting fix
3) GblType
    - minor formatting fix
4) GblOptionGroup
    - minor formatting fix

README.md, after:

# libGimbal #
C17-Based Extended Standard Library and Cross-Language Type System
<p align="left"><img src="http://libgimbal.elysianshadows.com/libgimbal_icon.png" alt="libGimbal">

LibGimbal is a cross-platform, general-purpose core applications framework written in C17 with C++20 bindings, inspired by GLib, QtCore, and the Objective-C Foundation framework. It is composed of a series of modules providing a core application layer, specialized string types, generic STL-style containers, sorting and searching algorithms, custom allocators, preprocessor metaprogramming constructs, miscellaneous utility structures, and a full-fledged dynamic type system bringing object-oriented constructs such as classes, signals, and properties to C and bindable languages. Additionally, it includes a C-based OO unit-testing framework built upon its type system and object model.

LibGimbal originated as the core of the Elysian Shadows tech stack, and as such supports a myriad of embedded devices and video game consoles such as the Sega Dreamcast and Sony PSP. It places a strong emphasis on performance and language interoperability, with the core being written in standard C17 for easily binding to languages such as Rust, Swift, Go, Lua, and any other C-compatible language. The library is currently being tested and validated via the included suite of unit tests for Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, iOS, Sega Dreamcast, Sony PSVita, and WebAssembly targets. 

## Documentation ##
The official documentation for the project can be found at http://libgimbal.elysianshadows.com. This documentation is still a work in progress.

## Features ##
### Core Framework ###
- platform-specific macros and utilities
- error handling and propagation
- debug and verification utilities
- structured logging

### Strings ###
- specialized, optimized custom string types
- interned strings
- reference counted strings
- string builders
- implicitly shared string lists
- pattern matching

### Containers ###
- STL-style abstract data types with both C and C++ APIs
- dynamic arrays, lists, ring buffers
- sets, trees, hash tables, byte arrays
- support for custom allocators

### Algorithms ###
- hashing algorithms (Murmur, Sip, Fnv1, SuperFast)
- sorting algorithms, searching algorithms
- random data generators and utilities
- CRC, parity, LCM, GCD, prime numbers

### Allocators ###
- allocation trackers with leak detection
- paged arena allocators with state rewinding
- stack-based scope allocator with destructor chains
- efficient pool-based, arena-backed allocator

### Preprocessor ###
- function overloading support for C
- macro compositon, variadic argument handling
- cross-language C/C++ generic selection
- meta macro programming constructs

### Meta Type System ###
- cross-language, extensible object-oriented type system
- generic, polymorphic variant types with type conversions
- virtual functions, inheritance, private members for C
- mixins, interfaces, abstract classes
- generic FFI with cross-language closures and marshals
- property system
- Qt/GTk style signal system
- object hierarchy management, parenting, traversals
- event handling, filtering, propagation
- plugin and module system

### Utilities ###
- generic reference-counted types
- command-line option and argument parsing
- version, UUID, date-time utilities

### Unit Testing Framework ###
- cross-platform object-oriented C-based unit test framework
- test scenarios, suites, cases
- generic verification macros with source context capture
- automatic timing and performance measurements
- memory utilization and leak detection
- dynamic/run-time test-plan construction and management
